Main naar develop (#1)
lumc-sasc/wf-PHAVA: README.md

# wf-PHAVA
Nextflow pipeline for Pacbio Hifi Amplicon Variantcalling Analysis(PHAVA). 

# Userguide

> [USERGUIDE](https://github.com/lumc-sasc/wf-PHAVA/blob/main/docs/USER_GUIDE.md) <br/>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instructions on usage can be found in the [userguide](https://github.com/lumc-sasc/wf-PHAVA/blob/main/docs/USER_GUIDE.md).
```
